looking for cool toys like the one seen
in this review you can shop thousands of
action figures statues busts replicas
costumes graphic novels and much more at
big bad toy store just click the link in
the description below this video
hey guys I'm pixel Dan and this is a
review of the NECA predator series ten
hive wars predator that's right we're
gonna continue our look at the amazingly
cool Kenner wave from NECA toys with
these new predator figures being based
on classic Kenner predator action figure
designs today we're going to take a look
at the hive Wars predator which is
actually based on a predator figure that
was released in the aliens hive wars
line from Kenner not the predator line
hive Wars predator comes on that really
cool retro blister card packaging that
harkens back to the old Kenner predator
line featuring that cool purple deco in
the background with the red and yellow
bursts behind the figure in the blister
card and that profile shot of predator
up at the top even the NECA logo down at
the bottom resembles the old Kenner logo
the back of the packaging has that very
retro grid-like deco on there and even
the area where it shows all three
figures in wave 10 it's that in this
cool little green box that looks the
same way Kenner showed off all of their
predator and alien figures on the back
of their packaging alright so let's go
ahead and take a look at hive wars
predator outside of the packaging this
guy has got an incredibly cool paint job
that really stands out you can see he's
got this really awesome blue deco to his
skin but it's really cool because it's
done in this way where it's sort of this
really dark almost bluish green color on
his back and as it comes around to the
front of his body it fades into this
lighter blue you can see it still kind
of has the darker blue elements kind of
washed in there so it really helps to
add a lot of shading to bring out the
sculpting of his muscles and all of the
cool little textures and details worked
into a skin there
the figure features some cool silver
armor that seen over his chest and his
shoulder there and on his right arm he's
got this little silver gauntlet that
almost has kind of this techno look to
it it's very cool and it has these two
silver blades jutting off of it
sitting over his face is a helmet which
is part of the face sculpt so this
particular version does not include a
removable mask but it's done in this
really cool silver deco that really
looks like it's kind of been roughed up
as it's kind of dirty and got even some
little dings in it and it's got a really
great sculpt that has sort of this
little crinkle running down the top of
the mask it's almost Klingon looking I
will say but it's still a very cool
little sculpt on that mask and there are
bright green eyes piercing out from
underneath
so let's go ahead and take a look at the
articulation on hive Wars predator the
heads on a nice ball joint there so it's
able to turn left and right kind of rock
all the way around and look up and down
you got ball joints at the shoulders
there swivels at the elbow as well as a
standard elbow joint and swivels at the
wrist you got a waist cut articulation
so you can swivel the torso back and
forth
you got nice ball joints of the thighs
the legs and go outwards forwards and
backwards as well as swivel you got
great double knee joints there that are
hidden underneath the knee pads that
he's wearing which is very nice and ball
joints at the feet so you can rotate the
feet all the way around and kind of rock
them side to side so you should be able
to get some really great posing out of
hive Wars predator now as far as
accessories go he does feature a couple
first of all he does include this larger
over-the-shoulder cannon that is
removable from the figure there's
actually a little lip on this shoulder
there that you can see and you can just
take this extra accessory and you can
slide it right onto the little lip and
it kind of locks into place there adding
this extra piece to his armor sticking
off of his back and a little articulated
cannon sitting on his shoulder in
addition to that he also includes this
very cool-looking scythe weapon which is
a throwback to the Kenner action figure
the blade is done in this shiny silver
color but it's also got this blue kind
of washed over it to really give it this
neat reflective look it's long enough so
that he can hold it in both of his hands
if you want to so you vote to get some
really great double handed wielding
poses and even single-handed wielding
poses and it looks great in conjunction
with those blades that are on his right
arm
now unfortunately I do not have the
vintage Kenner figure to show
side-by-side comparisons of that Kenner
hive wars predator is actually a little
harder to come by these days but just by
looking at the picture you can see how
naked a once again did an amazing job of
updating that classic Kenner action
figure and bringing it into modern times
with some great new sculpting and great
articulation so there you go guys
there's a look at the brand-new NECA
predator series ten hive wars predator I
was a big fan of this throwback wave of
Kenner related predators from Mecca and
I hope this is a trend that we see
continued maybe even reaching into their
aliens lines so we can see some of those
crazy variants hive Wars predator here
is another outstanding figure with a
beautiful paint job and a really cool
overall deco that harkens back to those
classic Kenner days and when you pair
them up with your lava planet predator
and your Knights Storm predator it makes
for quite an impressive display on your
toy shelf the Kenner wave of Necas
predator line is available online right
now at stores like Big Bad toy store
calm so happy hunting and until next
time
you